README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: Implement user authentication and activity tracking system
- Added seed script for initial user data setup with Supabase authentication.
- Created project overview and technical specifications document.
- Developed account management actions for user activities (CRUD operations).
- Implemented Activity Manager component for displaying and managing user activities.
- Designed account page to show user profile and activities.
- Established authentication actions for sign-in and sign-up processes.
- Created login and signup pages with error handling.
- Set up Supabase client for both browser and server environments.
- Added member status management with RLS policies for activity tracking.
- Created database migrations for member status and activity RLS policies.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Seed mock users (Supabase Auth)

This repo includes a seeding script that creates 5 mock users in Supabase Auth (Admin API) and upserts matching rows into `public.members`.

This project is intended to be Bun-first (created with `bunx`).

1) Create `.env.local` from [.env.local.example](.env.local.example)

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`: Project Settings → API → Project URL
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`: Project Settings → API → `anon` key
- `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`: Project Settings → API → `service_role` key (server-side only)

2) Run the seed script

```bash
bun run seed:auth
```

If you prefer Node/npm, you can still run scripts with npm, but try to stick to one package manager to avoid lockfile drift.

Optional: wipe and recreate the 5 users (useful if you previously inserted into `auth.users` directly)

```bash
bun run seed:auth -- --reset
```

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
